DOC-5371 - two phase finality documentation and release notes (#1655)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.11/community/generating-a-node.md

java -jar corda.jar run-migration-scripts --core-schemas --app-schemas
```

> The node will perform any automatic data migrations required, which may take some time. If the migration process is interrupted, it can be continued simply by starting the node again, without harm. The node will stop automatically when migration is complete. See [Upgrading your node to Corda 4.11]({{< relref "node-upgrade-notes.md" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node performs any automatic data migrations required, which may take some time. If the migration process is interrupted, it can be continued simply by starting the node again. The node stops automatically when migration is complete. See [Upgrading your node to Corda 4.11]({{< relref "node-upgrade-notes.md" >}}) for more information.
```

Author: Done
